taking a look at scratch DJ Academy's
new software called mix here we have a
window which is the library window and
I've already added 78 songs to this
window you can click on add songs here
and go into your computer and and select
any digital track you'd like to add to
the library
once you've imported a song into the
library the software will analyze its
BPM and key the length of the song and
of course will give you the track titles
in artist name if you had set up your
track that way in your computer once you
have imported the song as you'd like to
include in your playlist into your
library you're going to select a track
and drag it this time in to your
playlist window which is the window on
the right here and you can see the BPM
and key again if you click on this track
the software will suggest compatible
songs for your playlist songs that would
match or follow or mix the best with the
song you just highlighted once you've
dragged this song into your playlist you
can also see the waveform of the song
right here at the bottom part of your
screen this is really really handy
because if you need to make some
adjustments and realign your downbeats
you just have to zoom in and you will
see your waveform in great details you
have this this track highlighted and we
can see here some more suggestions from
mix so I'm going to look at my list I
have a wider range of various styles of
music in this playlist so I'm going to
try to go for something that's a little
bit more like along the line of air
we're going to drag this track into the
playlist now it's it's giving you a
mixed box right here at the bottom and
also of course the waveform of the new
song you've you've added to the mix you
can preview your mix by clicking on this
preview button here
here we go that was a very smooth mix
and it worked perfectly well you can you
can change the mix now here you have you
have different options you have a roll
down window which gives you the option
of a drop one bar for bar eight bars you
can change your mix points and this
tells you how many mixes you've included
in your playlist already this is the Q
point adjustment so if you were unhappy
with the mix you can move your track to
the left or to the right by clicking on
plus or minus is the record button here
which will record the whole playlist
including its mixes to a file an mp3
file so that you can put it on your ipod
then in in play it that way the other
thing that's cool about this this
program is the scratch FX here it has a
few presets base fresh tone in a
customized scratch FX which you can
insert into your mix you you might want
to know how long your playlist is and
this is your timeline at the bottom here
which looks like a ruler we had a mix
here at a little over three and a half
minutes if I scroll to the right at the
end of this song we are at a little over
eight minutes that's it for it this is a
quite a simple program so hope you
enjoyed it bye bye